The research was funded by the Special Fund for Agro-scientific Research in the Public Interest (201003064). Kevin D. Hyde expresses gratitude to the Chinese Academy of Sciences, project number 2013T2S0030, for awarding the Visiting Professorship for Senior International Scientists at the Kunming Institute of Botany. The authors extend their sincere appreciation to the Deanship of Scientific Research at King Saud University for funding this Prolific Research Group (PRG-1436-09).
This work was supported in part by grant 132-0967-96 from the Chief Scientist, Israeli Ministry of Agriculture, and grant 6350-1-94 from the Israeli Ministry of Science, awarded to S. Freeman. Contribution from the Agricultural Research Organization, The Volcani Center, Bet Dagan, Israel, 2287-E, 1997 Series.
This research was made possible by grant numbers 51101010029 and 52101010002 from Mae Fah Luang University.
We thank Dr. Cheng from the Research Institute of Resources Insects (RIRI) of the Chinese Academy of Forestry for supplying several reference strains. This project is supported by the Scientific and Technological Foundation of Guizhou Province (QianKeHeJZiG [2008] 700120) and the Scientific Foundation of Guizhou Academy of Agricultural Science (QianNoKeYuanZhuanXian [2008] 023), China, as well as by research funding from Mae Fah Luang University.
This work was financially supported by the earmarked fund for the Pear Modern Agro-Industry Technology Research System (CARS-28-15) of the Chinese Ministry of Agriculture and the Fundamental Research Funds for the Central Universities (no. 2662016PY107). The authors express gratitude to Dr. Lei Cai for critical comments on the manuscript, Dr. Fang Liu for technical assistance in pairwise homoplasy index tests, Dr. Xiushi Song for microscopy support, and Dr. Fangluan Gao for assistance with phylogenetic analyses.
Funding: This research was partially funded by the National Institute of Food and Agriculture, U.S. Department of Agriculture, under award number 2014-51181-22377.
We express our gratitude to Dr. Toyozo Sato for his valuable comments on the latest taxonomy of Colletotrichum. Additionally, we sincerely thank Dr. Naoyuki Matsumoto for his critical review of the manuscript. We also appreciate Kana Ueda for her technical assistance.
We thank Barclay Poling, Kelly Ivors, and Guido Schnabel for providing some of the isolates for this study. We also thank Joe Noling for providing information from fungicide use surveys.
Funding: This research was funded by the Postharvest Technology Innovation Center, Ministry of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation, Bangkok, Thailand [Grant No. CRP.3.NOV11.8]; the National Research Council of Thailand (NRCT); and the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (JSPS) under the NRCT-JSPS joint research program (to R.P. and S.C.).
Supplementary Materials: Supporting information can be downloaded at: https://www.mdpi.com/article/10.3390/plants12051130/s1. This includes Table S1, which details the morphological characteristics of colonies, conidia, and appressoria of 37 mango Colletotrichum isolates from central Thailand. Table S2 lists the Colletotrichum isolates used in phylogenetic analysis, including all isolates from this study.
Data Availability Statement: Not applicable.
Acknowledgments: We thank Paul Morris and Raymond Larsen of Bowling Green State University for their critical reading of the manuscript.
Conflicts of Interest: The authors declare no conflicts of interest.
The Top Mango Producing Countries in the World. Available online: https://www.worldatlas.com/articles/the-top-mango-producing-countries-in-the-world.html (accessed on 15 November 2022).
Affiliations: Nara Prefectural Agricultural Research and Development Center, Nara Prefecture, Japan.
The authors would like to thank Core Projects for research activities at the College and Research Stations of Tamil Nadu Agricultural University - Phase III (Post Doctoral Fellowships), funded by the Agriculture Department, Government of Tamil Nadu, 2018-20.
We thank the curators of the CABI, CBS, and ICMP culture collections, as well as Prof. Dr. Lilliana M. Hoyos-Carvajal from the Faculty of Agronomy, Plant Health Laboratory, Universidad Nacional de Colombia, Bogotá-Colombia; Dr. G.C. Carroll from the University of Oregon, U.S.A.; and Dr. N.S. Massola from ESALQ, Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil, for providing experimental strains. The curator of the fungarium at the Royal Botanic Gardens granted access to historical type specimens. This research was supported by the Dutch Ministry of Agriculture, Nature and Food Quality through an endowment of the FES program “Versterking infrastructuur Plantgezondheid” (Damm), AGMARDT (The Agricultural and Marketing Research and Development Trust) (Weir), and the New Zealand Ministry of Science and Innovation through backbone funding of the “Defining New Zealand’s Land Biota” program (Johnston).
This research was partially funded by grants from the North American Strawberry Growers Association and the Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture, as well as a Praxis XXI scholarship to L. F. S. Leandro from the Fundação para a Ciência e Tecnologia, Portugal. (Portion of Ph.D. research by L. F. S. Leandro.) We thank R. Sakuma of Norcal Inc. for generously supplying strawberry plants for our experiments.
We thank Dr. Larissa Mio (Federal University of Paraná, Brazil), Dr. Hugo Tozze (Secretaria de Agricultura e Abastecimento do Estado de São Paulo, Brazil), Dr. Silvio Alves (EMBRAPA Uva e Vinho, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil), Dr. Rosa Maria Sanhueza (Proterra, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil), and Dr. Natalia Peres (University of Florida, USA) for providing some cultures. This research was supported by CNPq (scholarship processes 140455/2010-8 and 308875/2011-7), FAPESP (process 2011/11629-1), and CAPES (scholarship process number 9809-11-2).
In conclusion, CBD infections begin from foci whose extent and regularity depend on factors that remain poorly understood. These foci appear 1 to 2 weeks after the onset of the disease and fade at the end of the exponential phase, shortly before the curve concavity changes. Our results suggest that studies on pathogen survival at these foci will provide valuable information for more effective disease control. Moreover, epidemic spread curves indicate that fruits should be protected from CBD before the eighth week after flowering. This study was funded by the European Union (Inco-Dev/CBD-Resist project). We thank Benoît Bertrand for logistical support, Jean P. Deumeni and the observation teams at the IRAD stations at Santa and Foumbot (Cameroon) for data gathering, Patience F. Mouen Bedimo for data entry and verification, and P. C. Musoli and L. de Lapeyre for manuscript corrections. This paper was translated into English by Peter Biggins.
Funding: This work was funded as part of the AGROECOTROP project, co-financed by the European Union (Fonds Européen de Développement Régional) and the Guadeloupe Regional Council. The funders had no role in the study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.
The funding for this research on anthracnose caused by Colletotrichum spp. in Malaysia was supported by a Research University Grant from Universiti Sains Malaysia. There are no conflicts of interest or applicable Institutional Review Board and informed consent statements.
Research support and salaries were provided by state and federal funds (especially USDA-NRI competitive grant 95-37303-1788) allocated to the Ohio Agricultural Research and Development Center (OARDC), The Ohio State University. Journal article 33-97.
This article discusses the impact of rain on the splash dispersal mechanisms of fungal pathogens. The findings were presented during a symposium on the epidemiology and control of legume diseases, which took place at the 67th annual meeting of the Canadian Phytopathological Society from June 23 to 26, 1996. The publication of the symposium was supported by the University of Saskatchewan Publication Fund.
The research cooperation of Xuisheng Yang, M. A. Boudreau, L. L. Wilson, M. A. Ellis, and the late D. L. Reichard is greatly appreciated. Salaries and research support were provided by State and Federal Funds (especially USDA-NRI grant number 95-3730 3-1788) appropriated to the Ohio Agricultural Research and Development Center, The Ohio State University. Manuscript number 96-150.
Salaries and support were provided by state and federal funds, especially USDA NRI grants 91-37303-5857 and 95-37303-1788, appropriated to the Ohio Agricultural Research and Development Center at The Ohio State University, Wooster. This is Journal article 08-97. We thank L. L. Wilson and W. King for their technical assistance.
Considerando estas problemáticas, es fundamental la selección de fungicidas específicos que se adapten a las condiciones de manejo del cultivo y logren controlar efectivamente la enfermedad, evitando aplicaciones innecesarias que repercutan en el costo de producción, la selección de biotipos resistentes y en la inocuidad de los productos cosechados. El objetivo del presente trabajo fue evaluar el efecto de fungicidas sobre la antracnosis en plantines de frutilla, para lo cual se determinó el porcentaje de inhibición micelial in vitro; en condiciones in vivo se determinaron la incidencia, severidad, intensidad de daño, contenido de clorofila e índice de vegetación por diferencia normalizada en plantines de frutilla.
The study focuses on the complex in the Rajshahi District of Bangladesh. Acknowledgements: This research was partially funded by the World Bank through HEQEP CPSF #2071 to the MTI of the Department of Biotechnology at BSMRAU, and by the USDA Foreign Agriculture Service program under contract number SR-CR-13–002. The James William Fulbright Visiting Scholar Fellowship from the U.S. Government to MTI is also gratefully acknowledged.
Funding: Funding was provided by the Ministry of Science and Technology, Taiwan (grant no. 107-2321-B-002-058).
No conflict of interest was reported by the authors. This study was funded by a grant under the Rural Development Administration (Project No. PJ01533202).
We thank Alain Baudry, L. Black, E. Bosshard, C. Chandler, D. Cooley, M. Ellis, J. Gondran, M. Maltoni, M. Meyer, R. D. Milholland, J. G. Nourrisseau, and K. Okayama for providing isolates of Colletotrichum spp. This research was partially supported by a grant from the “Région Aquitaine” (PDZR) and European FEDER for strawberry research awarded to B. Denoyes-Rothan, as well as by Research Grant Award IS 2825-97 from BARD, The United States–Israel Binational Agricultural Research and Development Fund, awarded to S. Freeman.
Funding: This work was supported by the Key Research and Development Project of Zhejiang Province, China, grant No. 2015C02G1320008.
This research was funded by the North American Strawberry Growers Association and a Praxis XXI scholarship from the Fundação para a Ciência e Tecnologia, Portugal. It is Journal Paper J-19053 of the Iowa Agriculture and Home Economics Experiment Station, Ames, Project 3564, and supported by Hatch Act and State funds. We thank D. Legard and A. Ureña from the University of Florida GCREC-Dover, and B. Smith from USDA-ARS in Poplarville, MS, for identifying our isolate, as well as the Iowa State University Bessey Microscopy Facility for the SEM images.
We gratefully acknowledge funding for this research from the North American Strawberry Growers Association; the Mississippi Association of Plant Pathologists and Nematologists for several years of scholarship support; and S. Heinhorst for advice with the lectin probe.
Funding: The research was supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (Grant Nos. 31600029, 31560526), Guangxi Natural Science Foundation (Grant No. 2016GXNSFCB380004), Guangxi Key Laboratory of Biology for Crop Diseases and Insect Pests (Grant No. 15-140-45-ST-2), and the Foundation for Development of Science and Technology, Guangxi Academy of Agricultural Sciences (Grants 2016JZ24, 2017JZ01).
Funding: This work was supported by the National Key Research and Development Program of China grant 2017YFD0600104, the Priority Academic Program Development of Jiangsu Higher Education Institutions grant PAPD, and the Science and Technology Development Project in Shandong Province grant 2012GGB22004.
This research was partially funded by grants from the North American Strawberry Growers Association and the Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture, as well as a Praxis XXI scholarship to L. F. S. Leandro from the Fundação para a Ciência e Tecnologia, Portugal. This study is Journal Paper 19785 of the Iowa Agriculture and Home Economics Experiment Station, Ames, Iowa, Project 3564, and supported by Hatch Act and State funds. We thank R. Sakuma (Norcal, Inc.) for supplying strawberry crowns for our experiments.
We thank V. Lefebvre and D. Simpson for their critical reviews of this manuscript. This research was partially supported by a grant from the “Région Aquitaine” and EEC funds (FEDER).
This research was funded by the LIFE Programme of the European Union, project LIFE AGRESTIC, grant number LIFE17 CCM/IT/000062.
This research work has been developed as a result of a mobility stay of YL funded by the Erasmus+ KA1 Erasmus Mundus Joint Master Degrees Program of the European Commission under the PLANT HEALTH Project.
This work was supported in part by the Council for Science, Technology and Innovation (CSTI), Cross-ministerial Strategic Innovation Promotion Program (SIP), Technologies for Creating Next-Generation Agriculture, Forestry, and Fisheries (Funding agency: Bio-oriented Technology Research Advancement Institution, NARO), the Science and Technology Research Promotion Program for the Agriculture, Forestry, Fisheries, and Food Industry to N.N. and K.S., and Grant-in-Aid for Scientific Research (KAKENHI) (24228008 and 15H05959 to K.S.).
Funding: The authors would like to thank the University of Warwick for funding this research. The funder had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.
The authors would like to dedicate this work to Maurizio Forti (University of Pisa), who passed away in December 2013, and to Dez Barbara (University of Warwick), who passed away in July 2012. The authors express their gratitude to Fera and the University of Warwick for funding this research and providing the strain set. They are especially thankful to Ulrike Damm (CBS-KNAW Fungal Biodiversity Centre, The Netherlands), Paul Cannon and Alan Buddie (CABI, UK), Gunn Mari Strømeng (Norwegian University of Life Sciences, Norway), Katherine LoBuglio (Harvard University Herbaria, USA), Peter R. Johnston (Manaaki Whenua Landcare Research, New Zealand), James Cunnington (Institute for Horticultural Development, Australia), Amy Rossman (USDA-ARS, USA), Stanley Freeman (ARO Volcani Center, Israel), Daniel Buchvaldt Amby (University of Copenhagen, Denmark), Natalia Peres (University of Florida, USA), and Sheu Zong-ming (AVRDC, The World Vegetable Center, Taiwan) for kindly providing reference isolates.
Funding: We thank the California Strawberry Commission and DSM Corporation for financial support of this project, as well as the three California nurseries that donated strawberry transplants and wish to remain anonymous.
This work was contributed by the Agricultural Research Organization, The Volcani Center, Bet Dagan, Israel, No. 532/00. This research was supported in part by research grant award IS-2825-97 from BARD, The United States–Israel Binational Agricultural Research and Development Fund, and by the European Commission FAIR CT 98-4140 grant awarded to S. Freeman. We thank D. Shtienberg for assistance with statistical analyses.
The idea for this soil, plant, and water analysis manual emerged from the Soil Test Calibration Program within the region’s national agricultural programs, which laid the groundwork for sound fertilizer recommendations. Thus, it was fitting for ICARDA to address this fundamental issue. If soil and plant tests are not reliable, the process of sampling and analysis becomes meaningless and undermines the validity of any agronomic trials. This manual serves as a cornerstone of ICARDA’s soil and water-related research program, as well as its training initiatives, acting as a vital link with agricultural scientists in ICARDA's mandate region.
We gratefully acknowledge funding for this research from the North American Strawberry Growers Association; the Mississippi Association of Plant Pathologists and Nematologists for several years of scholarship support; and S. Heinhorst for advice regarding the lectin probe.
This research was supported by grants AGL2012-34139 and AGL2015-66362-R from the Ministerio de Economia y Competitividad (MINECO) of Spain, by “The Prograilive” project (grant: RBRE160116CR0530019) funded by the regions of Bretagne and Pays de la Loire and FEADER grants, France, and by the Fundação para a Ciência e a Tecnologia (FCT), Portugal, concerning financial support to the research unit LEAF (UID/AGR/04129/2013).
This research was partially supported by the Texas Rice Improvement Association. The author also acknowledges M. R. Billodeaux for his technical assistance.
We gratefully acknowledge the assistance of Isabelle Myers, Rosemary Nickerson, and Erin Fultineer. This work was supported by the West Virginia Tree Fruit Assessment Board, and fruit for some of the experiments was kindly provided by Summit Point Raceway Orchards.
The authors gratefully acknowledge the contributions of Guylaine Trachy, Xuan Vovan, and Monique Lacroix. The publication costs for this paper were partially covered by page charges. Under postal regulations, this paper should be marked accordingly.
Acknowledgements: We thank Arien van Iperen (cultures), Marjan Vermaas (photo plates), and Mieke Starink-Willemse (DNA isolation, amplification, and sequencing) for their technical assistance. V.G. expresses gratitude to Antonino Azzaro, Dimitrios Dimou, Amilcar Duarte, and Pietro Formica.
We wish to thank the World Vegetable Center AVDRC in Taiwan; Ratchadawan Cheewangkoon from the Faculty of Agriculture at Chiang Mai University in Thailand; and Nalika Ranathunge from the Faculty of Agriculture at the University of Ruhuna in Sri Lanka for their contributions to sample collections. Ulrike Damm is acknowledged for her guidance and helpful suggestions regarding species identification. We also thank Arien Van Iperen and Mieke Starink-Willemse from the Westerdijk Fungal Biodiversity Institute for their technical assistance. DD de Silva gratefully acknowledges the financial support from the Melbourne International Research Scholarship (MIRS) and the Melbourne International Fee Remission Scholarship (MIFRS) awarded by the University of Melbourne.
Acknowledgements: M.V.S. Coelho was supported by the Brazilian Ministry of Education (CAPES-MEC). F.R. Palma received support from CNPq grant 100408/2006–0. A.C. Café-Filho acknowledges Brazilian National Research Council (CNPq) grant number 306968/2006–1 and Distrito Federal (FAP-DF) grant number 193.000.093/96.
Received for publication 13 Sept. 1991. Accepted for publication 19 May 1992. Florida Agr. Expt. Sta. J. Ser. R-01856. This work was supported in part by a grant from the Florida Tomato Committee, Orlando, FL 32814. We gratefully acknowledge the technical assistance of Patricia Jones.
Pathogenicity testing may be useful and should be conducted where possible. We express our gratitude to Dr. J.A. Crouch for providing unpublished sequence data and other information. We sincerely thank Dr. P.W. Crous and Dr. U. Damm for sharing their research progress and providing valuable comments on this manuscript.
Pathogenicity testing may be useful and should be conducted where possible. We express our gratitude to Dr. J.A. Crouch for providing unpublished sequence data and other information. We sincerely thank Dr. P.W. Crous and Dr. U. Damm for sharing their research progress and providing valuable comments on this manuscript.
This work was partially supported by grant No. 132-0967-96 from the Chief Scientist of the Israeli Ministry of Agriculture and grant No. 132-0922-96 from the Vegetable Growers Association, awarded to S. Freeman. We thank D. Shtienberg for the critical review of this manuscript.
We express our gratitude to Sophie Briand for her valuable assistance, and to Thierry Bajazet for his design and advice in using the rain simulator. We also thank Carine L. Collin and Jacqui Shykoff for their comments on earlier versions of the manuscript, as well as two anonymous reviewers whose feedback greatly improved the paper.
References include studies by Bonde et al. (2013), Brooks (1931), Cai et al. (2009), and several others that investigate various aspects of Colletotrichum and its ecological impacts.
I would like to express my gratitude to Wanda S. Elliott for her technical assistance.
This is the first report demonstrating that both technical and commercial formulations of phosphite significantly reduce the incidence of Phytophthora root and crown rot in pepper. However, these formulations do not provide sufficient phosphorus nutrition to tomato and pepper plants when used as the sole sources of phosphorus in a recirculating hydroponic system. We thank K. Conn for supplying tomato seeds, N. Goldberg for providing pepper seeds, C. Lidell for supplying an isolate of P. capsici, and C. Huang for her excellent technical assistance.
This research was supported in part by grant 132-0967-96 from the Chief Scientist of the Israel Ministry of Agriculture and the Vegetable Growers Association, awarded to S. Freeman. We thank F. Kleitman and Y. Nizani for their technical assistance.
We express our gratitude to Li-ying Chen, Hua-bing Ma, Xing-hong Liu, Chun-hua Duan, Yin Liu, Jing Wang, and Qun Zhu for their assistance with sample collections. We also appreciate Dr. James LaMondia (Connecticut Agricultural Experiment Station, United States) for reviewing the revised manuscript.
The original contributions presented in the study are included in the article/Supplementary Material. Further inquiries can be directed to the corresponding author.
IS, Y-JL, and VR mainly contributed to the conceptualization of the model. VR provided the methodology and resources for the study. IS, Y-JL, and TJ performed model validation. All authors contributed to the article and approved the submitted version.
Anselmi, A. (2023). Un sistema di monitoraggio e di supporto alle decisioni per la gestione sostenibile dell'oliveto (Piacenza, Italy: Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore).
The authors thank Drs. Wen Chen, C. André Lévesque, and Christopher Lewis from Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada for allowing the use of the ITS data in this article and for providing other challenging problems. This work was supported by the Platform for Drug Discovery, Informatics, and Structural Life Science from the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Japan, and the Computational Biology Research Center, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Japan.
Egli (1969) investigated the influence of heavy metals on Fusarium lycopersici and the disease progression of tomato wilt (J. Phytopathol. 66:223–252). Elmer (1992) found that sodium chloride suppresses Fusarium crown and root rot of asparagus (Phytopathology 82:97–104), while Elmer (1995) discussed the association of manganese-reducing bacteria and sodium chloride in the suppression of the same disease (Phytopathology 85:1461–1467). Engelhard (1989) edited a comprehensive work on managing soilborne plant pathogens with macro- and microelements (APS Press, St. Paul, Minn.).
Erb and Rowe (1992) screened tomato seedlings for multiple disease resistance (J. Amer. Soc. Hort. Sci. 117:622–627). Gillespie and Menzies (1993) noted that fungus gnats vector Fusarium oxysporum f.sp. radicis-lycopersici (Ann. Appl. Biol. 123:539–544). Hartman and Fletcher (1991) reviewed Fusarium crown and root rot of tomatoes in the UK.
Heremans (1996) developed a rapid method for screening tomato plant resistance to Fusarium oxysporum f.sp. radicis-lycopersici (Med. Fac. Landb. Toeg. Biol. Wetensch. Univ. Gent 61(2A):337–341). Huber and Watson (1974) examined nitrogen form and plant disease (Annu. Rev. Phytopathol. 12:139–165). Jarvis (1988, 1992) contributed significantly to managing diseases in greenhouse crops (Phytoprotection 69:49–64; APS Press, St. Paul, Minn.). Jarvis and Thorpe (1980, 1981) studied the effects of nitrate and ammonia nitrate on Fusarium severity and soil amendment with lettuce residues for disease control (Plant Dis. 64:309–310; Can. J. Plant Pathol. 3:159–162).
Jones et al. (1989) discussed managing Fusarium wilt of vegetables and ornamentals by using macro- and microelements (APS Press, St. Paul, Minn.). Komada (1975) developed a selective medium for the quantitative isolation of Fusarium oxysporum from natural soils (Rev. Plant Prot. Res. 8:114–125). Littell et al. (1991) provided insights into the SAS system for linear models (SAS Institute, Cary, N.C.).
Louter and Edgington (1990) found indications of cross-protection against Fusarium crown and root rot of tomato (Can. J. Plant Pathol. 12:283–288). Mandal and Sinha (1992) proposed an alternative chemical control approach for Fusarium wilt of tomato (Indian Phytopathol. 45:194–198). Mihuta-Grimm et al. (1990) studied Fusarium crown and root rot in greenhouse rock wool systems and disease management with benomyl (Plant Dis. 74:996–1002). M’Piga et al. (1997) reported increased resistance to Fusarium oxysporum f.sp. radicis-lycopersici.
We thank our laboratory members and many beta testers for providing invaluable feedback and bug reports. This work was supported in part by research grants from the National Institutes of Health (R01GM126567-01) and the National Science Foundation (ABI 1661218) to S.K., as well as by Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (JSPS) grants-in-aid for scientific research (DB5) to K.T.
The authors are grateful to Drs. Paul F. Cannon, Paul M. Kirk, John C. David (CABI Bioscience, U.K.), and Dagmar Triebel (Botanische Staatssammlung München, Germany) for their constructive comments on this script.
We thank W. D. Gubler for assisting in obtaining plant material, D. Murillo and G. Gemelga for their technical assistance with data collection and laboratory assays, and the laboratory personnel who assisted in field planting. This research is part of a Ph.D. dissertation undertaken by S. E. Haack.
The authors wish to thank the Research Deputy of the Kurdistan Agricultural and Natural Resources Research and Education Center, Sanandaj, Iran.
The authors would like to thank all past and present ICARDA staff associated with the Soil and Plant Analysis Laboratory for their contributions to its operation and the development of various procedures. Special appreciation is extended to Dr. Abdallah Matar for introducing the idea of analysis as a foundation for crop production in the region, particularly through the Soil Test Calibration Network. The contributions of Dr. Karl Harmsen, the late Dr. Sonia Garabet (formerly of the Soil Analysis Laboratory), and the late Mr. Samir Masri (formerly of the Soil Preparation Laboratory) to the authorship of the first edition of this manual are recognized. We also appreciate Dr. Abdul Rashid from Pakistan for his valuable input regarding the two earlier editions of this manual. Furthermore, we extend our gratitude to Dr. Theib Oweis, Director of the Integrated Water and Land Management Program (IWLMP), for his encouragement and support. Dr. John Ryan has been involved throughout the entire process of soil and plant analysis, initially in Morocco as a member of the Soil Test Calibration Network and later as a Soil Fertility Specialist. He was the lead author of the first two editions of this manual and a co-author of the third edition.
George Estefan is the manager of the Soil, Plant, and Water Analysis Laboratory at the International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas (ICARDA) in Syria. Since joining ICARDA in 1987, he has significantly contributed to the laboratory's development and modernization. He co-authored the Second Edition of the Soil and Plant Analysis Manual and is leading the effort for its third edition. George has a B.Sc. in Agriculture from Aleppo University (1986) and a Diploma in Soil Science (1990).
This research was supported in part by the Fred C. Gloeckner Foundation Inc. and the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services.
This work was supported by the Cooperative Research Program for Agriculture Science & Technology Development (Project No. PJ90703904), Rural Development Administration, Republic of Korea.
This research was supported by the Department of Agriculture and Food Systems. The authors wish to express their gratitude to Dr. Annie Wong for providing the soybean plant materials for the pathogenicity assay. Dr. Adelene Auyong held scholarships from the University of Melbourne.
