Division of Plant Industry, Queensland Department of Primary Industries.
*These authors contributed equally to the work.
f Centre for Plant Health/BioMarka, School of Agriculture and Food Systems, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Australia.
College of Plant Science and Technology, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan 430070, Hubei, China.
Department of Genetics, Biochemistry and Microbiology, Forestry and Agricultural Biotechnology Institute (FABI), University of Pretoria, Pretoria 0002, South Africa.
Institute of Plant Protection, Guangxi Academy of Agricultural Sciences and Guangxi Key Laboratory of Biology for Crop Diseases and Insect Pests, Nanning, Guangxi, 530007, China.
College of Life Sciences, Yangtze University, Jingzhou, Hubei, 434025, China.
Plant Breeding Institute, The University of Sydney, Cobbitty, NSW, 2570, Australia.
Department of Entomology, Sindh Agriculture University Sub-campus, Umerkot, 69100, Pakistan.
Environmental Sciences, University of Guelph, Guelph, Ontario, Canada.
Author Contributions: Conceptualization: C.R. and R.P.; methodology, software, formal analysis, writing—original draft preparation: C.R., P.K., S.B., and R.P.; supervision, project administration, funding acquisition, resources: S.C., C.R., and R.P.; investigation, data curation: C.R., P.K., S.B., V.P., S.C., and R.P.; validation, writing—review and editing: C.R., P.K., S.B., O.M., V.P., S.C., and R.P. All authors have read and agreed to the published version of the manuscript.
*Corresponding Author: Anbarasu Mariyappillai, Post Doctoral Fellow, Department of Agronomy (Farm), Agricultural College and Research Institute, Madurai, Tamil Nadu, India.
S. Freeman and Y. Nizani, Department of Plant Pathology, ARO, The Volcani Center, Bet Dagan 50250; S. Dotan, S. Even, and T. Sando, Ministry of Agriculture, Extension Service, Ra’anana 43208, Israel.
Competing Interests: The authors declare that no competing interests exist.
Author Contributions: Conceived and designed the experiments: LP, MS. Performed the experiments: LP, MS. Analyzed the data: LP, SG, DP, FB. Wrote the paper: LP, SG, MS, DP, FB.
Y. C. Han, X. G. Zeng, and F. Y. Xiang, Institute of Industrial Crops, Hubei Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Wuhan 430064, China; L. Ren, Oil Crops Research Institute of the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Wuhan 430062, China; F. Y. Chen and Y. C. Gu, Institute of Industrial Crops, Hubei Academy of Agricultural Sciences.
Rolf Sommer is a Senior Soil Scientist at the International Center for Tropical Agriculture (CIAT) in Kenya. Previously, he was the Soil Fertility Specialist at ICARDA until the end of 2012, overseeing scientific supervision at the laboratory. He holds an M.Sc. in Biology and a Ph.D. in Agronomy. Rolf has held positions as Senior Fellow at the Center for Development Research at the University of Bonn, Germany, and Post-Doc at CIMMYT in Mexico. His work spans soil fertility research and agro-ecosystem modeling, with numerous publications to his name.
Dr. Timmer is a professor of plant pathology at the University of Florida. He received his B.S. in botany and plant pathology from Michigan State University and his Ph.D. from the University of California, Riverside. He spent two years conducting research on citrus diseases in Argentina during his doctoral program. From 1970 to 1978, he worked on research and extension related to citrus diseases at the Texas A&I University Citrus Center (now the Texas A&M Kingsville Citrus Center) in Weslaco, TX. Subsequently, he accepted a position with the University of Florida's Citrus Research and Education Center in Lake Alfred, where he is currently employed. His current research program focuses on basic research regarding the population genetics of fungi such as Pyricularia, Colletotrichum, and Fusarium. He also manages a large program addressing fungal diseases of citrus trees, including etiology, epidemiology, and disease control. For many years, his assignment was 100% research; however, it changed to 70% extension three years ago. Dr. Timmer has been active in the American Phytopathological Society (APS) and has served terms as both associate and senior editor of Phytopathology and currently as senior editor of Plant Disease. He has been an invited speaker at many APS symposia and has also been active in the Mycological Society of America.
Dr. Correll is a professor of plant pathology at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville. He received his B.S. from Pennsylvania State University and his M.S. and Ph.D. degrees from the University of California, Berkeley. From 1986 to 1989, he was a postdoctoral fellow at Kansas State University and the University of California, Berkeley. He joined the faculty at the University of Arkansas in 1989. His current research program focuses on fungal diseases of fruit and foliage of citrus trees, employing techniques such as cultivar resistance, cultural practices, and chemical and non-chemical methods for disease management. Dr. Correll has numerous international research projects, particularly in Asia and Africa, and travels extensively. He has served terms as associate and senior editor of Plant Disease and associate editor of Phytopathology, and currently serves as senior editor of the Compendium of Citrus Diseases and the Citrus Health Management book. He received the Lee Hutchins Award for excellence in research on tropical fruit crops and is a Fellow of APS.
Contribution from the Texas A&M University Agricultural Research and Extension Center at Beaumont. Technical Article No. 13342 Texas Agricultural Experiment Station.
Department of Plant Pathology, The Ohio State University, Ohio Agricultural Research and Development Center (OARDC), Wooster, OH 44691.
Affiliation: Department of Plant Pathology, The Ohio State University, Ohio Agricultural Research and Development Center, Wooster, OH 44691, USA.
¹Universidad Nacional de Asunción, Facultad de Ciencias Agrarias, Área Protección Vegetal, San Lorenzo, Paraguay.
1 Department of Biotechnology, Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman Agricultural University, Gazipur 1706, Bangladesh.
2 School of Ecology & Environmental System, College of Ecology & Environmental Sciences, Kyungpook National University, Sangju, Gyeongbuk 37224, Republic of Korea.
3 West Virginia University, Morgantown, WV, USA.
¹Department of Plant Protection, Chiayi Agricultural Experiment Branch, Taiwan Agricultural Research Institute, Taiwan, R.O.C.
²Department of Horticulture, Chiayi Agricultural Experiment Branch, Taiwan Agricultural Research Institute, Taiwan, R.O.C.
G. M. Marcó, Estación Experimental, Concordia, Entre Ríos, Argentina, and J. O. Whiteside, Citrus Research and Education Center, Lake Alfred, FL 33850.
C. S. Huftalen and G. C. Bergstrom, Department of Plant Pathology, Cornell University, Ithaca, NY 14853.
First and second authors: UREFV, INRA, BP 81, 33883, Villenave d’Ornon Cedex, France; third author: Laboratoire de Malherbologie et Agronomie, INRA, BV 1540, 21034, Dijon Cedex, France; fourth author: U.S. Department of Agriculture-Agricultural Research Service, Poplarville, MS 39470; fifth author: Institute of Soil, Water and Environmental Sciences, ARO, The Volcani Center, P.O. Box 6, Bet Dagan 50250; sixth and seventh authors: Department of Plant Pathology, ARO, The Volcani Center, P.O. Box 6, Bet Dagan 50250, Israel.
First, second, third, and fourth authors: Department of Plant Pathology, Iowa State University, Ames 50011; fifth author: Department of Statistics, Iowa State University, Ames 50011.
V. Guarnaccia, W. The Netherlands; Westerdijk Fungal Biodiversity Institute, Uppsalalaan 8, 3584 CT Utrecht, Netherlands.
Corresponding author email: v.guarnaccia@westerdijkinstitute.nl.
J.Z. Groenewald, G. Polizzi, Dipartimento di Agricoltura, Alimentazione e Ambiente, Sezione Patologia Vegetale, University of Catania, Via S. Sofia 100, 95123 Catania, Italy.
3 Department of Microbiology & Plant Pathology, Forestry & Agricultural Biotechnology Institute, University of Pretoria, Pretoria, South Africa.
First, second, and third authors: University of Southern Mississippi, Hattiesburg, MS 39406; fourth author: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Research Service, Small Fruit Research Station, P.O. Box 287, Poplarville, MS 39470.
Jianyou Mo, Institute of Plant Protection, Guangxi Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Nanning, Guangxi 530007, China, and Guangxi Key Laboratory of Biology for Crop Diseases and Insect Pests, Nanning, Guangxi 530007, China; Guang Zhao, Department of Guangxi Forestry Pest Management, Nanning, Guangxi 530028, China; Qili Li, Ghulam S. Solangi, Lihua Tang, Tangxun Guo, and Suiping Huang, Institute of Plant Protection, Guangxi Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Nanning, Guangxi 530007, China, and Guangxi Key Laboratory of Biology for Crop Diseases and Insect Pests, Nanning, Guangxi 530007, China; Tom Hsiang, School of Environmental Sciences, University of Guelph, ON, Canada.
Authors' Contributions: DD wrote the manuscript and made substantial contributions to the conception of the study, analyzed the isolates, interpreted the sequence data, and performed pathogenicity assays and microscopy. JG assisted in data analysis and advised on the interpretation of taxonomy. PC contributed to the microscopic examination of fungal material, advised on taxonomy interpretation, and was a major contributor to the manuscript. PA assisted in analyzing and interpreting pathogenicity statistical data and was also a major contributor to the manuscript. AN and OM contributed to the collection of isolates. PT made substantial contributions to the study's conception and was a major contributor to both the manuscript and the collection of isolates. All authors read and approved the final manuscript.
⁴ The Connecticut Agricultural Experiment Station Valley Laboratory, Windsor, CT 06095, U.S.A.
First, second, third, and fourth authors: Department of Plant Pathology; fifth author: Department of Statistics, Iowa State University.
First and second authors: UREFV, INRA, BP 81, 33883, Villenave d’Ornon Cedex, France; third author: Centre Interrégional de Recherche et d’Expérimentation de la Fraise (CIREF), Lanxade, F-24130, Prigonrieux, France; fourth author: UGAFL, INRA, Domaine St Maurice, BP94, 84143, Montfavet Cedex, France.
Joint first authors. Corresponding author: E-mail: ktamura@tmu.ac.jp.
Associate editor: Fabia Ursula Battistuzzi.
The Author(s) 2018. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Society for Molecular Biology and Evolution. All rights reserved. For permissions, please e-mail: journals.permissions@oup.com.
Conceived and designed the experiments: RB, S. Sreenivasaprasad.
Performed the experiments: RB, AZ, S. Sarrocco.
Analyzed the data: RB, S. Sarrocco, GV, SAS, MRT, EH.
Contributed reagents/materials/analysis tools: GV, CRL, S. Sreenivasaprasad.
Wrote the paper: RB, AZ, S. Sarrocco, SAS, MRT, GV, EH, S. Sreenivasaprasad.
Stacey E. Haack, Department of Microbiology and Plant Pathology, University of California, Riverside 92521; Kelly L. Ivors and Gerald J. Holmes, Strawberry Center, California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo 93407; Helga Forster and James E. Adaskaveg, Department of Plant Pathology and Microbiology, University of California, Riverside.
First and second authors: Department of Plant Pathology, ARO, The Volcani Center, P.O. Box 6, Bet Dagan 50250, Israel; third author: Department of Plant Sciences, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel.
S. J. MacKenzie and D. E. Legard, University of Florida, Gulf Coast Research and Education Center, Wimauma 33598; L. W. Timmer, University of Florida, Citrus Research and Education Center, Lake Alfred 33850; and C. K. Chandler and N. A. Peres, University of Florida, Gulf Coast Research and Education Center, Wimauma 33598.
First, second, and third authors: University of Southern Mississippi, Hattiesburg, MS 39406; fourth author: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Research Service, Small Fruit Research Station, P.O. Box 287, Poplarville, MS 39470.
First, second, third, and fourth authors: Department of Plant Pathology; fifth author: Department of Statistics, Iowa State University.
⁶ Wageningen University and Research Centre (WUR), Laboratory of Phytopathology, Droevendaalsesteeg 1, 6708 PB Wageningen, The Netherlands.
New Combination: Colletotrichum phyllanthi (H. Surendranath Pai) Damm, P.F. Cannon & Crous.
Name Replacement: C. petchii Damm, P.F. Cannon & Crous.
C. torulosum Damm, P.F. Cannon, Crous, P.R. Johnston & B. Weir.
Epitypifications: C. dracaenae Petch.
Taxonomic Novelties: Name replacement - C. queenslandicum B. Weir & P.R. Johnst. New species - C. aenigma B. Weir & P.R. Johnst., C. aeschynomenes B. Weir & P.R. Johnst., C. alatae B. Weir & P.R. Johnst., C. alienum B. Weir & P.R. Johnst., C. aotearoa B. Weir & P.R. Johnst., C. clidemiae B. Weir & P.R. Johnst., C. salsolae B. Weir & P.R. Johnst., C. ti B. Weir & P.R. Johnst. New subspecies - C. kahawae subsp. ciggaro B. Weir & P.R. Johnst. Typification: Epitypification - C. queenslandicum B. Weir & P.R. Johnst.
